readme.md, before:

# 13 Object-Relational Mapping (ORM): E-Commerce Back End

## Your Task

Internet retail, also known as **e-commerce**, is the largest sector of the electronics industry, generating an estimated \$29 trillion in 2019. E-commerce platforms like Shopify and WooCommerce provide a suite of services to businesses of all sizes. Due to their prevalence, understanding the fundamental architecture of these platforms will benefit you as a full-stack web developer.

Your task is to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying starter code. You’ll configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.

Because this application won’t be deployed, you’ll also need to provide a link to a walkthrough video that demonstrates its functionality and all of the acceptance criteria being met. You’ll need to submit a link to the video and add it to the readme of your project.

## User Story

```md
AS A manager at an internet retail company
I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies
SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a functional Express.js API
WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia Core for categories, products, or tags
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia Core
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database
```

## Mock-Up

The following animation shows the application's GET routes to return all categories, all products, and all tags being tested in Insomnia.

Commit message:

added demonstration video and minor chages to model

readme.md, after:

# 13 Object-Relational Mapping (ORM): E-Commerce Back End

## Your Task

Internet retail, also known as **e-commerce**, is the largest sector of the electronics industry, generating an estimated \$29 trillion in 2019. E-commerce platforms like Shopify and WooCommerce provide a suite of services to businesses of all sizes. Due to their prevalence, understanding the fundamental architecture of these platforms will benefit you as a full-stack web developer.

Your task is to build the back end for an e-commerce site by modifying starter code. You’ll configure a working Express.js API to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database.

Because this application won’t be deployed, you’ll also need to provide a link to a walkthrough video that demonstrates its functionality and all of the acceptance criteria being met. You’ll need to submit a link to the video and add it to the readme of your project.

## User Story

```md
AS A manager at an internet retail company
I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies
SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN a functional Express.js API
WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia Core for categories, products, or tags
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia Core
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database
```

### Below is a demonstration of the functionality of the app using insomnia:
[link to demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HXFLNOtP91937vsPT0ZSed6HsH3ENiec/view?usp=sharing
)
### URL To GitHub Ripository
[link to GitHub repo](https://github.com/luvkil/E-commerce-ORM.git
)
